com/paulbaker/album/core/platform/BottomSheetDialogCorner.java
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.BottomSheetDialogCorner
album/databinding/ItemPhotoBinding.java
 album.databinding.ItemPhotoBinding
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/tools/TextEditorDialogFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.TextEditorDialogFragment
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.TextEditorDialogFragment$1
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.TextEditorDialogFragment$2
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.TextEditorDialogFragment$TextEditor
com/paulbaker/album/core/platform/SectionParameters.java
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.SectionParameters
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.SectionParameters$1
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.SectionParameters$Builder
com/paulbaker/album/core/platform/SectionPositionIdentifier.java
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.SectionPositionIdentifier
album/databinding/RowFilterViewBinding.java
 album.databinding.RowFilterViewBinding
album/databinding/ItemHorizonBinding.java
 album.databinding.ItemHorizonBinding
album/databinding/FragmentBottomShapesDialogBinding.java
 album.databinding.FragmentBottomShapesDialogBinding
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/tools/PropertiesBSFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.PropertiesBSFragment
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.PropertiesBSFragment$1
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.PropertiesBSFragment$Properties
album/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 album.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/paulbaker/album/core/platform/Section.java
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.Section
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.Section$1
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.Section$State
com/paulbaker/album/feature/viewmodel/EditViewModel.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.viewmodel.EditViewModel
com/paulbaker/album/feature/view/pager/ViewPagerFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.view.pager.ViewPagerFragment
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/FilterListener.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.FilterListener
com/paulbaker/album/MainActivity.java
 com.paulbaker.album.MainActivity
album/databinding/FragmentPagerBinding.java
 album.databinding.FragmentPagerBinding
album/databinding/BottomSheetDeletePhotoBinding.java
 album.databinding.BottomSheetDeletePhotoBinding
com/paulbaker/album/feature/home/adapter/HorizonAdapter.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.adapter.HorizonAdapter
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.adapter.HorizonAdapter$ListenerItemClick
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.adapter.HorizonAdapter$ViewHolder
com/paulbaker/album/feature/viewmodel/HomeViewModel.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.viewmodel.HomeViewModel
com/paulbaker/album/feature/home/loading/QueryImages.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.loading.QueryImages
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.loading.QueryImages$CallBack
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/adapter/EditingToolsAdapter.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.EditingToolsAdapter
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.EditingToolsAdapter$OnItemSelected
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.EditingToolsAdapter$ToolModel
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.EditingToolsAdapter$ViewHolder
album/databinding/ItemPhotoBoundBinding.java
 album.databinding.ItemPhotoBoundBinding
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/tools/EmojiBSFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.EmojiBSFragment
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.EmojiBSFragment$1
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.EmojiBSFragment$EmojiAdapter
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.EmojiBSFragment$EmojiAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.EmojiBSFragment$EmojiAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.EmojiBSFragment$EmojiListener
com/paulbaker/album/data/models/MediaStoreImage.java
 com.paulbaker.album.data.models.MediaStoreImage
com/paulbaker/album/feature/view/ViewPhotoFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.view.ViewPhotoFragment
com/paulbaker/album/feature/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.HomeFragment
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.HomeFragment$3
com/paulbaker/album/feature/view/delete/DeletePhotoAsyncTask.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.view.delete.DeletePhotoAsyncTask
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.view.delete.DeletePhotoAsyncTask$CallBackForDeletePhoto
album/databinding/AddTextDialogBinding.java
 album.databinding.AddTextDialogBinding
album/databinding/FragmentBottomPropertiesDialogBinding.java
 album.databinding.FragmentBottomPropertiesDialogBinding
com/paulbaker/album/feature/home/adapter/HomeAdapter.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.adapter.HomeAdapter
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.adapter.HomeAdapter$RootViewHolder
album/databinding/ItemEditingToolsBinding.java
 album.databinding.ItemEditingToolsBinding
album/databinding/FragmentEditBinding.java
 album.databinding.FragmentEditBinding
com/paulbaker/album/feature/home/section/PhotoSection.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.section.PhotoSection
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.section.PhotoSection$ClickListener
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.section.PhotoSection$HeaderViewHolder
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.section.PhotoSection$ItemPhotoUpdate
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.home.section.PhotoSection$ItemViewHolder
album/databinding/RowStickerBinding.java
 album.databinding.RowStickerBinding
com/paulbaker/album/core/platform/SectionAdapter.java
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.SectionAdapter
album/databinding/ColorPickerItemListBinding.java
 album.databinding.ColorPickerItemListBinding
album/BuildConfig.java
 album.BuildConfig
com/paulbaker/album/feature/view/delete/DeletePhotoFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.view.delete.DeletePhotoFragment
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.view.delete.DeletePhotoFragment$OnActionDialog
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/tools/ShapeBSFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.ShapeBSFragment
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.ShapeBSFragment$Properties
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/tools/StickerBSFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.StickerBSFragment
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.StickerBSFragment$1
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.StickerBSFragment$StickerAdapter
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.StickerBSFragment$StickerAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.StickerBSFragment$StickerAdapter$ViewHolder$1
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.tools.StickerBSFragment$StickerListener
album/databinding/ItemRootBinding.java
 album.databinding.ItemRootBinding
album/databinding/ItemHeaderBinding.java
 album.databinding.ItemHeaderBinding
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/ToolType.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.ToolType
com/paulbaker/album/core/utils/Utils.java
 com.paulbaker.album.core.utils.Utils
com/paulbaker/album/data/models/Photo.java
 com.paulbaker.album.data.models.Photo
album/databinding/FragmentBottomStickerEmojiDialogBinding.java
 album.databinding.FragmentBottomStickerEmojiDialogBinding
album/databinding/FragmentViewPhotoBinding.java
 album.databinding.FragmentViewPhotoBinding
com/paulbaker/album/core/platform/SectionedRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.SectionedRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.SectionedRecyclerViewAdapter$1
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/EditFragment.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.EditFragment
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.EditFragment$1
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.EditFragment$2
com/paulbaker/album/core/constants/Constants.java
 com.paulbaker.album.core.constants.Constants
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/adapter/ColorPickerAdapter.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.ColorPickerAdapter
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.ColorPickerAdapter$OnColorPickerClickListener
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.ColorPickerAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.ColorPickerAdapter$ViewHolder$1
album/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 album.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/paulbaker/album/feature/view/adapter/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.view.adapter.ViewPagerAdapter
album/databinding/RowEmojiBinding.java
 album.databinding.RowEmojiBinding
com/paulbaker/album/core/platform/SectionNotifier.java
 com.paulbaker.album.core.platform.SectionNotifier
com/paulbaker/album/feature/edit/adapter/FilterViewAdapter.java
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.FilterViewAdapter
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.FilterViewAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.paulbaker.album.feature.edit.adapter.FilterViewAdapter$ViewHolder$1
